Document user-selectable C macros (#5864)
cython/cython: docs/src/userguide/source_files_and_compilation.rst

    compatibility, especially when running the initial import of the code when it
    makes attributes such as ``__file__`` available.  It is therefore on by default
    where supported.

``CYTHON_USE_MODULE_STATE``
    Stores module data on a struct associated with the module object rather than at a
    global C level.  The advantage is that it should be possible to import the
    same module more than once (e.g. in different sub-interpreters).  At the moment
    this is experimental and not all data has been moved.  It also requires that
    ``CYTHON_PEP489_MULTI_PHASE_INIT`` is off - this is planned to change in the
    future.

``CYTHON_USE_TYPE_SPECS``
    Defines ``cdef classes`` as `"heap types" <https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#heap-types>`_
    rather than "static types".  Practically this does not change a lot from a user
    point of view, but it is needed to implement Limited API support.
    
There are a further list of macros which turn off various optimizations or language
features.  Under normal circumstance Cython enables these automatically based on the
version of Python you are building a module for so do not be tempted to use them

> to try to enable extra optimizations - supported optimizations are enabled by

Author: I've really tried to make it clear that there's no benefit to users going an manually enabling them - the danger seems to be that people think there's secret optimizations here that they as an "advanced user" should be able to access.  I suspect there isn't a font size big enough to get this message across but it's worth a try.

Reviewer: > I suspect there isn't a font size big enough

Maybe putting it in warning block will help...

    Defines ``cdef classes`` as `"heap types" <https://docs.python.org/3/c-api/typeobj.html#heap-types>`_
    rather than "static types".  Practically this does not change a lot from a user
    point of view, but it is needed to implement Limited API support.
    
``CYTHON_EXTERN_C``
    Slightly different to the other macros, this controls how ``cdef public``
    functions appear to C++ code. See :ref:`CYTHON_EXTERN_C` for full details.
    
There is a further list of macros which turn off various optimizations or language
features.  Under normal circumstance Cython enables these automatically based on the
version of Python you are compiling for so there is no need to use them
to try to enable extra optimizations - all supported optimizations are enabled by
default.  These are mostly relevant if you're tying to get Cython working in a
new and unsupported Python interpreter where you will typically want to set
them to 0 to *disable* optimizations.  They are listed below for completeness but
hidden by default since most users will be uninterested in changing them.

.. tabs::
    .. tab:: Hide
    
    .. tab:: Show
        
        ``CYTHON_USE_TYPE_SLOTS``

>             If enabled Cython will directly access members of the ``PyTypeObject``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            If enabled, Cython will directly access members of the ``PyTypeObject``
```

            struct.
            
        ``CYTHON_USE_PYTYPE_LOOKUP``

>             More efficient access into properties of C classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            Use the internal `_PyType_Lookup()` function for more efficient access
            to properties of C classes.
```

            
        ``CYTHON_USE_ASYNC_SLOTS``

>             Support for the ``tp_as_async`` attribute on type objects.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            Support the ``tp_as_async`` attribute on type objects.
```

            non-reference-counted implementations of Python, like PyPy
            (where it is enabled by default).
            
        ``CYTHON_ASSUME_SAFE_MACROS``
            Using some C API macros that increase performance by skipping error checking.
            
        ``CYTHON_FAST_GIL``
            On some Python versions this speeds up getting/releasing the GIL.
            
        ``CYTHON_UNPACK_METHODS``
            Tries to speed up method calls at the cost of code-size.  Linked to
            the ``optimize.unpack_method_calls`` compiler directive - this macro
            is used to selectively enable the compiler directive only on versions
            of Python that support it.
            
        ``CYTHON_METH_FASTCALL``/``CYTHON_FAST_PYCALL``
            These are used internally to incrementally enable the vectorcall calling
            mechanism on older Python versions (<3.8).
            
        ``CYTHON_PEP487_INIT_SUBCLASS``
            Enables PEP487 behaviour.
            
        ``CYTHON_USE_TP_FINALIZE``
            Uses the ``tp_finalize`` type-slot instead of ``tp_dealloc``,
            as described in PEP 442.
            

>         ``CYTHON_USE_DICT_VERSIONS``
>             Tries to optimize attribute lookup by using versioned dictionaries
>             where supported.
>             
>         ``CYTHON_USE_EXC_INFO_STACK``
>             Uses an internal structure to track exception state.
>             
>         ``CYTHON_UPDATE_DESCRIPTOR_DOC``
>             Attempts to provide docstrings for special methods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        ``CYTHON_USE_DICT_VERSIONS``
            Try to optimize attribute lookup by using versioned dictionaries
            where supported.
            
        ``CYTHON_USE_EXC_INFO_STACK``
            Use an internal structure to track exception state,
            used in CPython 3.7 and later.
            
        ``CYTHON_UPDATE_DESCRIPTOR_DOC``
            Attempt to provide docstrings also for special (double underscore) methods.
```
